0.  Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis is a super long word that was probably invented because saying "lung disease" was too easy for erudite doctors.
    
1.  getrusage() returns resource usage measures for either of :
    a. RUSAGE_SELF
    b. RUSAGE_CHILDREN
    c. RUSAGE_THREAD
    
2.  As per the man page, the variable of type -struct rusage, consists of 16 members.

3.  Passing "before" and "after" by reference ensures that we are not wasting our precious CPU time in inefficient activities. (like unnecessarily 
    coping entire structures just to read few elements). Passing by reference saves us quite a bit of memory and time (for larger structs) and adds
    very little complexity to our program.

4.  After the dictionary is loaded and the text file is opened, main starts reading from the file character by character until EOF is reached.
    The reason main reads character by character is to make sure that the word contains only alphabets and apostrophes (and no numbers). 
    If even a single numeric character is found, or if the word count gets longer than the maximum allowed length, then main skips through the characters until the word ends. 
    Main assumes that out text does not contain any special character. So if the character is not an alphabet or a number, then it is assumed that the character is a space 
    and hence the word is terminated with '\0'.
    After a word is found, the spellings are checked and then reported. When EOF is reached, the file is closed, the dictionary is unloaded from memory and the stats are displayed. 


5.  Relying of fscanf has quite a bit of problems. Some are :
        a. speller requires that the words to be checked contain only alphabetical characters and apostrophes. However, fscanf would accept other characters. So we
           would have to check the word character by character again. (so no point in using fscanf).
        b. We also have to make sure that the letter count is less than the prescribed minimum.
        c. Most importantly, we would not know the size of the word that might be read by fscanf in advance. So, we would have to allocate a very large array (which has no certainity
           of being enough either) to store the word.
    Hence due to above problems, using fgetc becomes much more convinient to use rather than using fscanf.

6.  The parameters for check() and load() are declared as const to ensure that these function does not modify the contents pointed to by the pointer.
    The check() and load() funtion recieve pointers to the original string as argument. If we modified the contents pointed to by those pointers,
    then we would be changing the original string. However, speller.c c is designed such that the strings are reused even after it has passed through the function. Hence, they
    should not be changed thus requiring the use for const keyword.
